shipper: Be strict about upload order unless it's specified so & cut v0.13.0-rc.2 (#2765)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/operating/troubleshooting.md

### Reasons

> - You are running Thanos (sidecar, ruler or receive) older than 0.13.0. During transient upload errors there was possibility to have overlaps caused by compactor not being aware of all blocks See: [this](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/issues/2753)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You are running Thanos (sidecar, ruler or receive) older than 0.13.0. During transient upload errors there is a possibility to have overlaps caused by the compactor not being aware of all blocks See: [this](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/issues/2753)
```
